[Marulk] I... I find it hard
to say this, but if you guys
come back and say that it's
impossible and you're not going,
it's okay.
Oh, Marulk.
[crying]
Yeah, I know.
It's just that I've watched
so many people leave us
and never come back again.
And now today is the
saddest I've ever felt.
[crying]
[music playing]
[Reg] The Inverted Forest.
It's so far above us.
Reg.
Huh?
Are you ready to do this?
Yes, of course.
[Narrator] As if
helplessly drawn to it,
there are those who plunge
themselves into the darkness.
They do it because at the
bottom of all that emptiness,
they can sense
a glowing enigma.
They have been
enchanted by a mystery
more dazzling than
light itself.
They traverse the unknown,
search for the truth,
and in the far
reaches of the world,
after exhausting their lives,
they reach their mortal end.
There they become a new
darkness, a new enigma,
and are thus reborn as the
very depths themselves.
It is a birth unlike any other,
one overflowing with both
Curses and Blessings.
[bell clanging]
Hey, Shiggy.
I wonder where Riko
and Reg are right now.
I bet they're somewhere
around the Great Fault.
Huh?
And how do you figure that?
A calculation I based on
the number of days it's been
and Reg's abilities.
The Rough Map of
the Nether World?
That's right.
I made a copy of it back
when I borrowed it earlier.
So the Great Fault.
"A vertical wall
spanning more
than 4,000 meters."
From that point on,
the strain of ascending
becomes more severe and
people start hallucinating.
That looks like
it's straight down.
How are they ever
going to scale that?
I don't exactly know, but, well,
Reg was able to climb up it,
so there must be some
kind of route somewhere.
[wind howling]
[chittering]
[crash]
[Reg] Another exit hole.
[roaring]
Look there!
It's a madokajack!
Riko. Keep your head in.
[Reg] What do you
think we should do?
Our only option is to descend
or brace for the Curse's effect
and head back.
Um. Do you see any
other holes nearby?
Oh.
How about that one?
The spot with the critter
droppings sticking out.
Riko. All right, do it now.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I would have rather made
a yummy meal out of you.
See you.
[roaring]
[Ozen] Unable to fly in the sky
or run along the walls,
beings such as you and I
are simply prey
that gets picked off and eaten.
The weaker species
have no choice
but to choose the
path of the weak.
All right.
Hurry and get further inside.
[distant roaring]
-What was that?
-Reg!
-Huh?
-We totally did it.
Look at that.
This den goes further down.
Quick. Let's go!
Okay. I'm coming.
That sound.
Something about it bothers me.
[chittering]
[Riko] We've gone down
quite a ways.
I feel bad though.
I know it was all for the
sake of pushing forward,
but we totally
trashed their home.
We should be grateful to
these little fur balls here.
They're a big help.
[Reg] Yeah.
Thanks to them, we haven't
had any trouble looking
for food or a place to sleep.
Oh.
[chittering]
[Reg] So, are these
some kind of ruins?
Hey, Reg.
I think we're inside of a ship,
one from a long time ago.
A ship?
I wonder if there's
any relics left inside.
[laughing]
Oh.
Relics. Relics!
But why would there be a
ship all the way down here?
Any relics hiding out there?
Hello? Relics?
[distant roar]
I heard that earlier today.
What could it be?
I know that cry.
Sounds like a splitjaw.
Go. Run!
[gasping]
[Riko] There's a wound
on its head.
That must be the one
that Reg already blasted.
I've heard they have nests on
the third layer, but come on.
Would it really remember us?
[both scream]
[roaring]
Ow, owwie, ow...
[Ozen] Once you fire that
thing, no matter how much
you push yourself, you
always faint afterwards.
And then it's a full two hours
before you wake up again.
What do you think will
happen to her all alone
for two hours in
the second layer?
She will surely be torn
to shreds and eaten.
Still, if you really do
have to use that thing,
be sure whatever it is,
it isn't able to
come after you in the future.
[Reg] This is no time
to waver. Do it now!
-Reg!
-[Splitjaw roaring]
Here. Use this!
[Blaze Reap clicking]
[Reg screaming]
[explosions booming]
[Reg gasping]
I'd say the landscape around
here has become a lot harsher.
Our depth is... let's see,
6,750 meters, I think.
I heard these spikes
are some sort of egg.
I wonder if there's a way to
make them into a tasty meal.
Riko.
I think I see
something down there.
Hmm?
[steam hissing]
[intrigued sighs]
It must be the
Goblets of Giants.
It seems fine.
Just hot water.
Although it sure is
pretty humid down here.
[Riko] The Goblets of Giants.
The flat-creepers are
responsible for that.
I heard that the
landscape is blue due
to the mixing of the
vapor and the light
coming from the force field.
Oh.
Amazing. Simply amazing.
We're actually witnessing
a place like this.
Whenever I imagined
this layer, I never
even thought about the humidity.
Not to mention my voice
echoes like crazy.
Plus, it smells
kind of stinky, too.
Hey, Reg. Let's go.
We need to find a decent place
and make camp for the night.
[Reg] Riko, you might not
say it out loud,
but I'm sure you understand
that no matter how much we
don't want to think about it,
we're right in the belly
of the netherworld.
And ascending in
the fourth layer
will make you bleed out of
every part of your body.
It truly is a curse.
If Riko were to experience
something like that,
I'm not sure she'd...
never mind that.
I must protect her.
So the final section
of the third layer
had those spiky
egg things, right?
Yep.
If one of those hatches,
I hear it becomes
one of those squid things.
It's a species that still
hasn't been given a name yet.
You know, less than 10% of the
creatures that are down here
have ever been given a name.
There are tens of
thousands of species.
What's wrong?
I don't know. I'm not sure.
For a while I've been
sensing a strange presence.
Huh?
What is it? A creature
or a White Whistle?
It only seems to start moving
whenever we begin to talk.
It's not moving right now.
It very likely has
good hearing,
and I bet it can understand
what we're saying as well.
[Riko] Could it be
another raider?
I mean, it doesn't really have
to be a White Whistle, right?
[Reg] It's certainly strange.
I can't even begin to
pin down its position.
Well, whatever it is,
I don't like it.
Maybe we should get the
heck out of this place.
Good idea.
[Reg] These "umbrellas" and
steam provide good coverage,
but walking's hard
and visibility is bad.
[heavy breathing]
Riko? You all right?
Yeah.
At the very least, we
need to find somewhere we
can camp for the night.
Hey, what's bothering you, Reg?
[splashing]
[growling]
[nervous whimpers]
What's this one?
Don't go near it.
We need to run for it.
That thing is an orb-piercer!
[roaring]
Reg, don't fight it.
An orb-piercer's quills
can penetrate even steel.
They're laced with poison.
More than 100 cave
raiders have already
been killed by these things.
[gasps]
[Reg] I didn't sense it
until it was too close!
Such a foul beast
from the depths.
What?!
The backpack!
I thought I dodged that one.
It's fast.
Or rather, it predicted my path.
Look, Reg.
The Blaze Reap is over there!
[Reg] It's down by its feet.
Not good.
What the-- How did it--
Does it actually know
what the Blaze Reap is?
Be careful, Reg.
Remember what Ozen said.
These primeval creatures
of the depths,
they have amazing intuition.
Here it comes.
Reg, take this!
It should recoil from anything
that appears to be
bigger than itself.
So here, try to use
this Scaled Umbrella.
Okay. This is it.
[growling]
Stop right there!
[roaring]
I don't think our
umbrella was big enough.
Didn't work, Riko.
We need to try to make our way
over toward the Blaze Re--
[heartbeat echoing]
[gasp]
It got me.
The poison.
We need something
to constrict it.
[heartbeat continues]
I'm sorry, Reg.
Look out!
Riko.
This is going to hurt a bit.
[Riko screams]
[Reg] What now?
Okay, Riko.
Now hold out your arm.
[Riko crying]
What should I do?
How can I save her?
The Blaze Reap is-- Damn it.
It's already submerged.
Even if I act as a decoy, Riko
can't go and get it like this.
My Incinerator? No.
If I faint for two hours,
who knows what will happen?
Escape.
That's our only option.
However, given its ability
to predict our movements,
we can't just run from it.
If that's the case, up it is.
But the strain of
ascending would cause...
...intense pain and
bleeding throughout her body.
[grunt]
Riko.
You've got to do it.
We have to, Reg.
No. You say that, but--
Please, Reg.
I'm so sorry, Reg.
I can't.
It seems I don't have
much time left here.
[gasping]
[growling]
[exhale]
[inhale]
AH!
Riko, please talk to me.
Riko, please wake up for me.
[whimpering]
Awake...
Reg, what's the matter?
-I feel kind of strange.
-What the-- Please, Riko.
What are you talking about?
Hey, Reg.
It doesn't hurt that much.
[muffled pop]
What's going on?
Riko.
It might be that the Curse
would cause the poison
to be expelled from the body
first before your blood.
That makes sense.
So now just to stop
the bleeding and--
[gasp]
Yeah.
That's it.
Reg.
I'll be good as new, Reg.
After the poison's out,
stop the bleeding--
Riko, please.
You have to wake up!
Reg, I'm going to be all right.
Oh, god.
I think she's starting
to hallucinate.
We must be close
to the third layer.
[gasping]
The blood won't stop
coming out of her.
Just calm down.
Besides, I need to
check the wound.
[gasp]
No.
It's so swelled up.
It's gotten so bloated.
I... I need to
take off her glove.
[screaming]
Did-- Did that hurt?
I'm sorry.
[coughing]
Please, Reg.
Riko, I'm here!
It's too swollen.
I can't get the glove off.
What should I do?
Help me. How can I save you?
[whimpering]
Is it hurting you?
Please say something.
[whimpering]
Cut it.
[labored breathing]
Please.
Cut it... Cut it off.
Riko.
You don't know
what you're saying.
If I do that, you'll
never be able to--
Reg, please.
Just do it.
If you can't do it...
[labored breathing]
I will die.
[coughing]
Please, Reg.
I'm really scared.
I'm so scared, Reg.
[crying]
I should have...
If only I had just made Riko
stay farther behind me.
Listen to me, Reg.
You're going to have to
break the bone first.
What?
A Black Whistle
who had this happen...
He said cutting it was tough.
[crying]
If only.
If only I had just
used my Incinerator.
If only.
If only I'd been
a better shield.
This is no time to cry!
The more I hesitate,
the more Riko suffers!
Here it goes.
Riko.
[cracking]
[screaming and sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[gasp]
What am I doing?
I don't even know
what I'm doing to her.
Reg.
Please don't leave me.
Riko, it's me.
I'm right here.
Don't go. Don't go.
Take me with you, together,
to the bottom of the--
Riko, you're starting
to lose consciousness.
I promise to take you there!
You've got an awful fever.
Don't you dare go
and leave me behind.
Hurry.
I've got to hurry.
[panting]
My hands are shaking.
Pull yourself together.
You don't want Riko
to suffer even more.
[tearing noise]
[buzzing]
Damn you! Don't!
Don't get in my way!
Leave! Stay away from Riko!
Get out of here!
[panting]
[gasp]
She's not breathing.
Riko!
Don't do this to me.
Breathe! Riko!
Riko!
[soft solemn music]
Riko. Riko.
Hold on.
Don't leave me behind, Riko.
[sobbing]
[sobbing echoes]
Riko, no!
Open your eyes, Riko!
Riko!
[voice] You are very noisy.
That girl there?
Her heart is still beating,
just so you know.
Though it could possibly
stop at any moment.
What are you?
I'm just a fluffy
stuffed animal.
I've come here to try
and comfort you two.
Huh? You what?
Who the heck do
you think you are?
I'm happy to properly
introduce myself.
But first, wouldn't
it be best to hear
how we can go about saving her?
Riko?
Nnaa, this is quite bad.
What should I do?
Please, please tell me.
I want to save my friend!
How can I get her
to breathe again?
Just pucker up and blow a
breath directly into her mouth,
just like a kiss.
Do you know how to do that?
[blowing out air]
Like that?
That looks good, but go a little
slower and pinch her nose shut.
Okay.
[blowing]
Also, tilt up her chin
to open the airway.
Otherwise, there's
no point to this.
Got it.
[blowing]
[weak breathing]
[gasping]
Yes. She's breathing again.
It's working.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you so much.
It's still too early
to relax just yet.
She hasn't regained
consciousness.
No? Well, then, what's next?
What do I do?
Just calm down.
If she were awake right
now, she wouldn't be
able to bear
the pain anyway.
But what do I--
You do this.
You need to carry the
girl back to my hideout.
-Huh?
-I'll figure something out.
Wait. You'll what?
But you don't know anything
about the two of us.
Yes.
Perhaps you should
keep your distance.
Well--
Looking at the state of her
arm, it's going to snap off.
You need to reinforce it.
Go fetch some
branches for support.
So you mean you
can fix her hand?
Right. I'm on it.
But let me warn you,
it's not going to go back
to the way it was before!
Geez. He's not even listening.
[soft music]
Huh?
Hey, hold on.
If I climb up this,
it'll hurt her more.
[sighs]
I guess you aren't able
to see it after all.
See what? What are
you talking about?
Just take it easy.
The Curse isn't
present right now.
But if we don't hurry,
then her whole body
will swell up just like her arm.
Okay, then.
[music continues]
What is this place?
[Reg] What's all this cave
raiding equipment doing here?
And those whistles?
Excuse me, who are you exactly?
I suppose I never
did tell you my name.
[gasp]
You may call me Nanachi.
I'm what you cave raiders
have come to fear.
I am a Hollow.
You're known as a "Hollow"?
[Reg] It looks like a child.
Interesting.
So you've never heard
anything about us?
Ah, well, suppose you don't look
like a normal cave raider.
All right, lay her
down over here.
[gulp]
Nanachi, please forgive me.
I don't mean to be
rude, but aren't
you about the
same age as us?
You nervous?
[stammers]
You want to go and try
finding someone else?
[wincing]
I beg you, please do
what you can to save her.
Nnaa...
That's a good boy.
Among cave raiders,
it's pretty common
to handle a wound
like this, but that's
because they don't know
the proper way to do it.
What are you-- the
poison is going to--
Don't be so melodramatic.
The poison will flow
through her body,
and then we'll get rid of it.
This is medicine made
from a friend of mine,
that I hardened with wax.
[Nanachi] When it's not
possible to give orally,
you have to use the other end.
Oh, I don't--
Now, let's move on to her arm.
First, remove the bone
fragments, and then stitch up
the blood vessels and flesh.
Oh, look, this white thing
right here is a nerve.
A number of them were
severely damaged.
But I'm not very good at
stitching these up, though.
Still, the way you cut
her is pretty gruesome.
It's a good thing she
passed out on you.
All right, I think that
should do for the time being.
That's a relief.
I'm afraid now
comes the hard part.
I'm going to need you to
fetch a bunch of stuff for me.
Just tell me
what I need to do!
Yeah, not so close.
Keep your distance.
I'm sorry for
doubting you earlier.
Tell me what it is you need,
whatever it takes to save her!
I have a question.
Why didn't you just cut
her at the elbow joint,
when you were severing her arm?
You could have gotten it off
without breaking the bone.
Well, I--
Were you, perhaps, just
following her directions?
I was.
Oh, I see then.
She must be an
extraordinary girl.
Hm?
If the part passed the
elbow is left intact,
then it totally changes what
one can do when cave raiding.
She was still
determined to press on.
Even finding herself
in this situation,
she still didn't want to
give up on her adventure.
[soft breathing]
R-- Riko.
Oh, that's right.
I still haven't told you what
our names are yet, have I?
My name's Reg,
and that's Riko.
-Yes, I know.
-Huh?
It's the first time
anyone like you two
have ever come around here.
Ever since you entered
my hunting grounds,
I've heard everything
you've said.
Then... Then you're...
You're the presence I sensed
once we got to the fourth layer.
So it was you
this whole time.
Yeah, that sounds right.
I was watching
every move you made,
or I wouldn't have been there to
treat the orb-piercer's poison.
So you were there, even
when that thing attacked us?
That's right.
I was watching and listening.
Well, now, the look
on your face says
you're wondering why
I didn't help you.
I was only interested in
knowing what you were up to.
In all honesty, I had no
intention of showing myself.
Wha-- So why did you
save us then?
Because I started
to pity to you.
"Oh, Riko, don't
leave me behind!"
You were sobbing like
some poor, little lost kid.
I couldn't stand it anymore.
[crying]
[eerie groan]
What's that?
Is there someone
else who lives here?
Just my roommate.
I'll introduce you.
Let me present you to
my cute little Mitty.
[gasp]
[eerie cooing]
What is that?
-This child is also a Hollow.
-What?
Have you heard the perils of
ascending from the sixth layer?
I was told it causes
the loss of humanity,
or even death, at times.
[Nanachi] Right.
If someone survives
the ascension,
this is what becomes of them.
Their personality
and intellect vanish.
The person becomes a hollow
husk of who they once were.
No matter what has
been tried, no one's
ever gone back to how they were.
That trick you used where
you extended your arm,
just thinking about what would
happen if you did that
on this sixth layer
is pretty thrilling.
But... But, Nanachi,
you're not--
you don't look
anything like that.
Well, yeah.
There's a reason
for that, you see.
I'm an exception
among exceptions.
So don't get your
hopes up too much.
There, there, Mitty.
You know you're exceptional too.
That reminds me.
If a cave raider ever
becomes a hollow,
their fellow cave
raiders kill them
and collect their belongings.
Given the alternative,
I suppose it's better
to tell people they died.
Imagine if I were out
in the open like this.
I am living proof that
it's possible to return
from the sixth layer
while still retaining
some sense of humanity.
Naturally, people would come
capture me, if they could.
Revealing myself to
a bunch of cave raiders
is a big risk for me.
Even if it was only out
of pity, saving someone
is a good thing, right?
I see.
That's your situation.
I'm sorry for that.
[Nanachi] Such a softy.
There, I'm done sketching it.
Huh? What's this?
The materials necessary
for healing Riko,
and where to find them.
I even signed it for you.
She still has some
internal bleeding,
and her arm will likely
rot off, at this rate.
Listen, all I've
done at this point
is effectively delay her death.
She'll hold on for
another 12 hours.
If it takes longer
than that, you better
think of a tactful
way to say goodbye.
Don't say something like that!
[Nanachi] I guess you aren't
able to see it after all.
Later, I need to ask
what that means exactly.
There's so much
to keep up with.
I just can't keep calm.
But for right now,
I need only think
of saving Riko.
[Nanachi] I was right.
My eyes didn't
deceive me, after all.
[voice] Nanachi. Nanachi.
This new cartridge
is wonderful.
I'm very pleased.
I wish you would look happier.
It's all thanks
to you, after all.
Come on, smile for me.
Let us celebrate to the
success of the experiment.
[Nanachi] You can gather most
of it on the western side.
Stay out of the central region.
Orby is in there.
"Orby"?
Does Nanachi mean
the orb-piercer?
[Nanachi] Bring back
a demonfish.
The bigger the better.
[grunting]
Choose one with clear
color distinction
between its back and belly.
[screeching]
I need giant hammerbeak eggs.
Take just one per nest.
Freshly-laid ones are best.
This should do.
Pick some yellow shining grass.
Find a spot where a
lot of it is growing,
and grab the stuff that smells
somewhat better than the rest.
[sniffing]
Hm?
[snorting]
Find me a shroombear
infected with water-shrooms.
[bleating]
All right, I think
that's everything.
[panting]
Do it, Reg. Make it in time.
Riko.
Riko!
Wh-- What are you--
What do you
think you're doing?
You're so loud.
If we just leave her
soaking in blood and urine,
she'll get a rash.
Look, she really
peed quite a lot.
You're going to
need to wash those.
[stammering]
Is Riko going to
be all right now?
Sorry if I misunderstood.
So is she doing okay?
Calm down, you piece of junk.
Splendid.
This one's just perfect.
You did pretty good.
Yeah?
Well, let's get
started right away.
You and I are
going to save Riko.
Okay.
These water mushrooms
are parasitic in nature.
[weak groan]
But when it looks like
their host is finally
about to keel over and die, they
share their stored up nutrients
to revive the host.
If the number of shroombears
in a new den increases,
there'll be more
water-shrooms too.
It's a symbiotic relationship.
While Riko's still
unconscious, we're
going to plant them on her
and put them to good use.
She's got a good
vein there anyway,
so we'll plant them
right by her wound.
That should help with the
bone's healing process, as well.
Also, they will help prevent
the rotting of her flesh.
But they hurt like crazy,
when you pull them off.
Um, Nanachi,
what are you using the fish
and the rest of this stuff for?
[Nanachi]
That should be obvious.
For my dinner, of course.
I cannot believe you!
Seriously, I
gathered all this up.
What would have happened,
if I'd been too late?
Oh, calm down.
You have to make so
much noise all the time?
But why would you
cut it so close?
She's in bad shape!
[Nanachi] I've been tending
to her since she got here,
so it's not like I
can go find food.
If I collapse from
hunger, who's going
to treat your
precious friend then?
I suppose that's true.
Forgive my rudeness.
As long as you understand.
Such a pushover.
Don't make that sad little face.
I know it doesn't look
pretty, but at least this
will save her life.
What? Really?
You mean it?
You mean she's really
saved this time around?
That's just what I said.
Thank you.
You're just the best.
I owe you everything!
[groan]
You're too close again.
You really are quite
fluffy, aren't you?
Hey, why don't you
go out back and wash
Riko's pee-stained clothes?
There's a riverbed
you can use out there.
[sigh]
Yeah, okay.
Whoa.
"Flowers of Fortitude,"
Eternal Fortunes.
[ethereal music]
Are those gravestones?
-[heartbeat]
-[gasp]
[voice] I'll be going now, Lyza.
The... Blaze Reap!
But why is it here?
How's that possible?
I was sure the orb-piercer
kicked it away.
Wait...
Where am I?
How did I--
Riko. N-- Nanachi.
What?
What is this thing?
[screaming]
What's up?
So what you doing there?
Na-- Uh, Nanachi?
How did--
You all right, Reg?
You were just standing
there staring at a girl's
pee-stained clothes.
Huh? Oh, I was?
No, it's not like that.
[knowing sigh]
Nanachi, how'd the
Blaze Reap get over there?
Hmm?
Oh, great.
So you really have
become a piece of junk?
I guess you have been
through quite a lot.
But it's time to cheer up.
And while you're at it, why
don't you wash this for me too?
Wha-- What did I see?
If it wasn't this place,
was it somewhere similar?
And that voice...
If I'm not mistaken,
that was my voice,
and my own memories, wasn't it?
In that case, the one
mourning for Lyza was--
[cooing]
Was I the one who buried her?
Can't be.
Ozen said no one
was buried there.
[cooing]
I don't understand any of this.
Ah! Stop it!
Get away from her!
I said stop it, you--
[cooing]
-Just relax, little man.
-Huh?
Mitty would never
attack any humans.
Oh.
Though, Mitty doesn't usually
get attached to visitors.
They're close in age, so
maybe Mitty took a liking.
Before becoming like this, she
was also a little girl herself.
Oh.
Uh, Mitty?
Just please don't eat
the mushrooms, okay?
She's not one to ever
treat others so cruelly.
It was thanks to her,
after all,
that we got the poison
out so soon.
Huh? What do you mean by that?
That medicine we
used on her was made
by injecting Mitty with
an orb-piercer's poison.
What? Really?
Why would you do
something like that?
She has the ability
to neutralize poisons
all on her own.
Pretty neat, huh?
Oh.
So naturally I decided
to use her blood
to produce the medicine.
Nanachi, before all
of this, who exactly
were you before you
became a Hollow?
[sigh]
You really want to ask that?
It's best that you don't.
Because if you go
about doing that,
you're going to want to help us.
What? Of course I would.
You saved Riko's
life, after all.
I would do anything
to help you--
That will do it.
Dinner looks to be now done.
I've made you my specialty,
Netherworld Stew!
Go on, try some.
[groaning]
Here.
It looks like sticky mud.
Was this made from
all the ingredients
I collected earlier?
Pay no attention to
how it looks, okay?
[sniffing]
What is that smell?
It's kind of fishy.
Don't worry.
I'll make some more
stew for you, too.
Then you can munch on
it whenever you want.
[cooing]
[gagging]
Oh, god.
It's oozing.
[gagging]
What the heck is this?
Was this really made
using those ingredients?
Do you think it's that bad?
Nanachi, do you
normally eat like this?
Well, uh...
Hey now, quit it.
Don't you look at me like that.
Look, I've never gotten a
chance to eat good food before.
If Riko wakes up and gets
fed this horrible gruel,
she'll die for sure.
I've got no choice.
I have to cook
something myself.
Well, then.
If you don't like it,
then just don't eat it.
[slurping]
[Nanachi] Oh, I see now.
So she's looking for her
mother down at the bottom
of the netherworld, huh?
We're talking about a
girl with an insatiable
curiosity, and a piece
of junk who can't
remember anything important.
It's kind of a miracle that
you've made it this far.
I should tell you that it does
seem quite hopeless for you.
[sighing]
Nanachi, please tell me that you
know of a way to somehow evade
the Curse of the Abyss.
You know how, right?
Why would I explain it to
someone who can't even see it?
Besides, it's my
personal secret.
But I beg you!
We need to know!
Listen, be that as it may, I--
If it's in my power, I'll do
whatever you want in return.
Just tell me.
Personal space, please!
All right.
Fine then.
Let's give it a shot.
If that's how you feel.
I'll make an exception
and let you experience it.
[twinkling]
All right!
Okay. Get under here with me.
[twinkling]
What is this thing?
"Fog Weave,"
a grade-three relic.
So it's basically just
a thin piece of cloth.
But it acts pretty
much like this.
What does?
The true nature of the
Curse of the Abyss.
Huh? Wait, how so?
It's all floaty like this
in the same kind of way,
with layer upon layer piled on
us like an invisible blanket.
Even if you poke at it,
you won't see or feel it.
When we move at all it,
it moves along with us.
Simply breathing is
enough to alter its flow.
So then when you
come in contact with it,
that's when you
get hit by the Curse?
-That's not it exactly.
-Huh?
When you touch it, it will
warp, just like this cloth does.
So then, how come?
What makes you get
hit with the Curse?
That would be this.
[straining]
See what I'm doing here?
Once you finally break through,
the symptoms
hit you all at once.
If it's something
like your fingertips,
you'll hardly be affected.
But if it's your head or
chest,
or any vital part of you
passes through...
Well, as you've seen
something seriously not
good will end up happening.
Whoa. But then what about
whenever you descend?
Well, passing through it from
above is nice and smooth.
It's got a flow similar
to inverted thorns which
won't allow you to leave.
Look. It's something like this.
It's just like a trap
for catching prey.
But what is it, this
malice-filled floaty curse?
Still don't get it?
-The force field.
-What?
The one that carries light
to the subterranean world
while obstructing
observation of it.
The one that guards the
order of the netherworld.
The force field lives
and breathes down here,
filling every
corner of this pit.
It's the very
blood of the Abyss.
And that is the true
nature of the Curse.
There's no where one can
go to escape from it.
But, Nanachi,
You said before that the Curse
wasn't active around
your hideout.
Hmm.
I went to great pains to
find this particular location.
The force field gets
weaker the farther
you get from the vertical shaft.
Really?
You mean that's true?
After descending down this far,
don't you have
a feel for it yet?
Well, I guess that there
aren't many places as
stable as this one.
Oh, yeah?
That area around
the Seeker Camp.
I get it now.
The force field is sensitive.
It responds to the
movements of living things.
It will even alter its flow
to one's consciousness.
In other words,
if you read minds
you can predict one's actions.
[twinkling]
Orb-piercers aren't
all that intuitive.
Rather, they just
predict the future.
The deeper down inside
the pit you are,
the stronger the force field is.
So challenging the
netherworld's bottom
means going down a path
brimming with the deadly Curse
while also going up
against predators that
can predict your movements.
Sounds positively
delightful, huh?
So how in the world
do cave raiders still
manage to press on?
Who knows?
They aren't even able to
see it, so it's weird.
Seriously?
But still, there is
one thing I do know.
It's just the way they are.
You can't stop their
longing for this.
I know.
Hand me your helmet
there for a second.
Okay.
What's that thing?
Don't you remember?
I said I'd let
you experience it.
With that said,
you have to promise
to do exactly what
I tell you to do.
-[Nanachi] You hear me?
-Whoa!
This is unsettling for me.
It feels like you're right
there next to my ear.
[Nanachi] Pretty cool, huh?
It's just something
I picked up.
[Reg] I can hear your voice,
but where exactly are you?
Don't worry about it.
I can see you just fine.
Now continue going straight.
Understood.
[whistle blowing]
What is that?
Hey! Don't just rush in
like a lunatic!
[panting]
[gasp]
[growling]
[tense music]
It's a child.
What's going on?
Do not get any closer.
You stay away!
[Nanachi]
That's a Black Whistle.
Judging by the stuff
he was carrying,
he was heading back on his own.
This is perfect.
Want to try rescuing
our new visitor?
Yeah. Sounds good to me.
Hmm. Very well, then.
[growling]
What are you doing, boy?
Listen here now
and don't forget.
No matter what happens,
you do exactly as I say.
That way you'll be able
to dispose of Orby
and save the old man.
Do you understand?
I'll do as you say.
Splendid.
Then I'll show
it to you now,
the world as I see it
through my eyes.
First, I want you to look up and
completely commit to the act.
Are you kidding me?
Now, listen.
You have to really commit.
But then I won't be able to--
Go. Get out of here!
Don't worry about him.
Also, stop questioning me.
Remember to do as I say.
Got it!
[roaring]
Jump hard to the right
right now!
Irredeemable!
Huh?
You have it now.
Wouldn't let go if I were you.
-[roaring]
-[screaming]
That thing you
grabbed is the organ
it uses to sense
the force field.
That's its life line,
and without uncoupling
your actions
from your conscious mind, you'd
never even be able to touch it.
[screaming]
Now that it's confused,
it'll go for the kill
without any thought
of looking graceful.
[roaring]
Now then! Tie it up!
[grunting]
Looks like its fate
is now finally sealed.
Beat it to a pulp.
You hurt my friend Riko!
[charging up]
What?
[screaming]
[Reg] It shed its quills!
[explosion]
[speechless sigh]
[Reg] Ugh, there's
so much steam.
Did-- So did it get away?
Nicely done.
It was forced to eject
80 percent of its quills.
It won't be hunting
here anymore.
Okay, now hurry up
and get back here.
No. Don't get too close to him!
Now that the orb-piercer
is out of the picture,
it's the cave raiders that
present the most danger
to us down here.
Hey!
What in God's name are you?
Do you think you could
relay a message for me, sir?
Huh?
It's intended for Jiruo.
He's at the Belchero Orphanage.
A message for Jiruo at Belchero.
Would you tell him that we're
continuing our adventure,
please?
Uh, okay.
I can do that.
I'm counting on you.
Sorry about that.
Well, so long as you didn't
tell him about me, I don't mind.
But you sure it'll be all right?
Is the person at Belchero
Orphanage trustworthy?
If people find out
he's connected to you,
it can make trouble.
It'll be fine.
He's the most
dependable guy I know.
Oh, in any case, that
was pretty incredible.
Using the opponent's
own special ability
against it was brilliant.
I wish we could convince you
to come with us to the bottom
of the netherworld.
Actually, I have something
I'd like to ask of you.
Oh? What is it?
Ask me anything you want.
All right.
This isn't a very easy
thing for me to ask.
Go ahead. Ask me anything.
Okay. Here goes.
Mm-hmm.
I want you to kill Mitty for me.
Huh?
[water falling]
-[cooing]
-[panting]
[Nanachi] Mitty.
I'm sorry for running
away like this,
but I just can't let
him do it anymore.
Not as he pleases.
I... I promise I'll figure
something out for us.
[Nanachi sighs]
What is it with this guy?
He just decides he's going
to sleep for two hours?
His belly button
looks like it hurts,
but I don't think
he's been poisoned.
I guess it must be because
he fired that thing.
This is it.
Mitty, I have finally found it.
[music playing]
[Nanachi] How nice it'll be...
Dear Almighty...
If that's the bottom of this
world, then I would like to go.
Please, my Lord.
[chatter]
[child]
Hey, let's go, guys! Hurry!
God, you stink.
Get away from me.
[child 1] I hear he's a
cave raider from the Abyss.
[child 2] What's he doing
in a place like this?
[man] The time is now,
for I believe it
is a period for a new approach,
free from the influence
of conventional wisdom.
Sereny, the chief territory
of the far north...
I've come here in
search of children
suitable for forging
a path to the netherworld's
next era.
I am known as Bondrewd.
I am a Cave Raider of the
Abyss, and a White Whistle.
Brave children who do not
falter at the prospect
of setting foot
inside the chasm,
please take a step forward.
[bells ringing]
Can't believe I'm
finally here now.
[boy] You are so annoying.
Get out of here!
[girl] Come on, at
least give it a shot.
I don't hang out with idiots.
Let's go.
[Nanachi] I guess I'm not
the only one, am I?
[metal clanking]
[Bondrewd] Now, everyone,
come and board the vessel.
Fear not, my children, for
my team of cave raiders
will escort you throughout
the entire journey.
Your final destination is
at around 13,000 meters.
In the depths' fifth
layer, the Sea of Corpses,
lies our operating base,
where we
will strive to unravel the
mysteries of this world.
[muffled cranking]
Ugh, this is so bland.
Hey there, you.
What do you want to
be when you grow up?
A White Whistle, right?
I, uh...
What are you talking about?
Being a White Whistle
sure would be great.
Don't you think we got ourselves
an amazing chance here?
What-- Whatever you say.
I was fine with anything, as
long as I could come here.
Before, I would search through
garbage dumps, picking out
the least disgusting
stuff to eat.
Others resorted to
stealing, or ended up
singing in the streets
begging for food.
But I never had much
talent for stuff like that.
[giggle]
But you do have a talent, right?
There's nothing but valuable
treasures to get down there.
Oh.
And hey, if you're
fine with whatever,
then we should try
being partners.
Uh--
My name is Mitty, a
future White Whistle.
Who are you?
I'm Nanachi.
Woohoo, Nanachi!
[laughing]
-It's nice to meet you.
-Shh, shh.
[muffled clanking]
What's this?
It says, the "Capital
of the Unreturned."
You can actually
read nether glyphs?
From the books I
find in the garbage,
the ones other people
can't read for themselves.
The original way to pronounce
nether glyphs has been lost,
so dictions are used
from our language.
It's easy, once you
get the hang of it.
Really?
Will you teach me then?
[muffled roaring]
[flapping wings]
Was that a bird?
If it happens again,
we'll check it out.
Oh, okay.
[laughing]
[metallic clanking]
[gasp]
[Bondrewd] Please be careful.
If you climb more
than ten meters,
you'll be hit with the
strains of ascension.
Come on!
[Mitty] Whoa.
[other children exclaiming]
Look at that.
Hm?
[chuckle]
It'll be all right.
I-- I suppose.
[Bondrewd] Now, children,
let me show you to your room.
[Mitty] So then, what's the
Abyssal Faith about?
I guess, to put it
simply, when a life is
lost while down in the Abyss,
the soul is said to return
to the bottom of the planet.
And then the soul
changes form and departs
on a journey to someone who
has wished for a new life...
or something like that, anyway.
The very bottom of this
pit is still unknown,
so it's kind of like God.
Or maybe it's more like
a source of comfort
that the cave raiders rely on.
That's cool.
[gasp]
You're pretty remarkable,
you know that?
That's my awesome partner, for
you! The brains of our team.
I guess.
And you're good at drawing too.
Ilim, please,
come over here.
Okay, coming.
[Nanachi] It's Ilim's turn
this time.
I hope I get to go out
there sometime soon.
[Mitty] Sure are a lot fewer
of us than when we started.
In any case, it'd
be great, if we were
able to go out there together.
Yeah, I guess.
[snoring]
Mitty, wake up.
Mitty, please, come with me.
Okay.
[Bondrewd] After today's
medical checkup, let's go
for a little stroll outside.
Bondrewd, take me too.
Just wait your turn, Nanachi.
Don't be impatient.
Mitty?
[man] Sovereign of Dawn, I
don't understand your reasoning.
Bringing this many people
down to the fifth layer,
even children from overseas?
[Bondrewd] Why are you
bringing this up now?
It is for this purpose
that I advocated
to have Black Whistles
enter the fifth layer.
It's just, it'd be different,
if they were cave raiders.
But taking children who will
never be able to return,
given the strain, it's inhumane.
Ah, then there is
no need to worry,
for I am not making
use of them as humans.
I'm sure you understand.
[gasp]
[Bondrewd] Care to have a look?
Mitty. Mitty!
Mitty!
Nanachi.
-[footsteps]
-Mi-- Mitty.
Well, what have we here?
What perfect timing
you have, Nanachi.
Come.
It's your turn now.
[ringing]
That elevator is capable
of quickly going down
to the depths' sixth
layer just below us.
Although its destination
is no more than a dead end,
it's the perfect depth for
testing out a number of things.
It's my own miniature garden.
The sixth layer's Curse is
"death, or loss
of one's humanity,"
and I'd like to do
something about that.
The chambers in which you
are currently situated
are capable of forcing
the Curse all to one side.
Attempts were made at pairing
a person with a non-human,
but they were unsuccessful.
However, Nanachi has
decided to join us.
I do regret having to use
such precious lives as yours,
but as you two are
such close friends,
it might make all
the difference.
So you're telling
us you tricked us?
Oh, heavens, no.
The result of all
this will give birth
to what is needed to drive
the darkness from this chasm,
and it will be
thanks to all of you.
Mitty, you will be on the side
to which the Curse is driven.
Please...
-do your best to endure it.
-Mitty!
[Bondrewd] If you die partway
through, your partner
will be hit with the curse.
Nanachi.
Very well. Let's get started.
[churning]
[screaming]
[crash]
[cooing]
[numerous cries]
Nanachi.
It's all right.
It's going to be all right.
I promise I'll get through this.
But if-- if for some
reason, I end up
not being human
anymore, please,
let my soul return to you.
Nanachi, promise me that.
Mitty!
[loud bang]
[screaming]
[rustling sound]
[Mitty screams]
[Nanachi] Dear God, please
save us from this.
-No! Mitty!
-I finally found it.
I found a treasure
that I hold dear.
Please, please don't
take her away from me.
[screaming]
[sloshing]
Kill me!
Ah...
My, my, how very interesting.
Isn't this splendid?
The two of you are
truly magnificent.
[screaming]
[Bondrewd] Nanachi.
Nanachi.
As usual, I see you're
doodling, instead
of assisting with the research.
But you sure are
adorable, aren't you?
Oh, yes.
I now understand the
"curse" that Mitty received.
It's quite a glorious result.
For it to produce such
a surprising byproduct,
the Abyss truly is astonishing.
The Curse, which she so
bravely received twofold,
did more than just cause
her to lose her humanity.
It also made her
incapable of dying.
[gasp]
[weak cooing]
Please have a look.
Her limbs, which should have
been completely crushed,
have begun to grow back.
This is now the ninth time
she's been resurrected.
The only change is that her form
becomes slightly more distorted.
[sobbing]
[wind howling]
[straining]
Mitty, I'm sorry for
running away like this,
but I just can't let him do
it anymore, not as he pleases.
I... I promise I'll figure
something out for us.
Look here, Mitty.
It's a bird.
You remember.
It's the same one that was
screeching at us before.
[cooing]
Not to your liking, Mitty?
[weak groaning]
It's no use.
No matter what I try,
she just suffers.
[labored breathing]
Sorry you stayed
alive for nothing.
I... I'll end you misery now.
[cooing]
I'll keep searching
for it, a way
to kill Mitty without making
her suffer through life anymore.
There must be something
out there somewhere.
There has to be.
It's the Sparagmos, the light
which can send one beyond.
There was a certain relic he
was constantly talking about.
One of Mitty's eyes
was destroyed by it,
and that's the only part of
her that doesn't regenerate.
Anything it hits disappears, as
if it's been completely undone.
Afterwards, the air
burns up to nothing.
It's like my Incinerator.
If you were to use it,
well, then MItty--
Hold on.
But, uh, are you certain?
I mean, are you sure Mitty has
truly lost all over humanity?
She responds to being
called, and she can--
Those are just reflexes.
No matter what I have tried,
real interaction
has proven impossible.
And there's her eye.
[somber music]
I'm sure you've seen it.
How could you not?
Even now, I have a
feeling that Mitty's soul
is imprisoned within that body.
Forgive me.
I need some time to think.
Okay.
I can understand that.
Nanachi?
I'm sorry, Reg.
I shouldn't have sprung
something like that on you.
Don't worry.
I'll still treat
Riko either way.
That girl, Mitty's really
taken a liking to her.
[Reg] I thought of you as being
so strong and steadfast,
but just now, you
seemed so fragile.
The vast amount
of medicines here
and the poisons, all of
them are for the purpose
of trying to restore
Mitty's dignity.
In that case, if that is
your reason for living,
after I've killed Mitty,
then what?
What will become of you?
[cooing]
[pained grunt]
Time to perk up.
How long are you
going to be so mopey?
You need some good food.
I'll make you something
really hearty to eat tonight.
How about some shroombear meat?
Not another one of
Nanachi's dishes.
Hey, Nanachi, let me
try cooking dinner.
From what I've seen so far,
Nanachi mixes everything
way too much.
I must enhance the ingredients.
You know, you're not very good
at skinning that poor thing.
Do you want some help?
Just go and take
a seat, will you?
This meat is really quite
dark, and it stinks too.
If I remember correctly,
Riko did something like this.
What the-- were the innards
supposed to come out first?
Ah! Something ripped off!
This here, am I
supposed to rinse it?
[Nanachi sighs]
Um, doesn't this stuff
smell, like, super bad to you?
God! This is far worse than
anything I ever made.
[gagging]
Gross!
The taste of excrement
is filling up my mouth!
It's okay. Go ahead.
You can call it
irredeemable, if you like.
It's irredeemable!
[Nanachi] Before
they know it,
the shooting stone
leaves a trail.
Watching as it falls down
as red-hot iron rain,
the ice-covered trees
proceed, transforming
into frosty clouds.
In the gap in the sky,
a large turtle
with its neck
stretched out gazed
into the emptiness
that spread before it
to the ends of imagination.
[sloshing]
[soft music]
She wants me to kill
her friend.
It's been a while,
and Nanachi hasn't approached
me about it again.
Is it okay
to leave it like this?
Would you allow me
to ask you something?
Do you know if Mitty
is truly unhappy here?
Personally, I don't
really think--
I know where you're trying
to go with this, Reg.
You're thinking she
seems to be so peaceful,
wondering if it's necessary
to have to kill her, right?
[Nanachi] Look, someday
I'm going to die, of course.
And when that happens,
you understand
Mitty will be alone forever.
Can you imagine?
Mitty never eats, and
she still doesn't die.
But if she gets
stabbed, it hurts.
And she even sheds
tears of pain.
Even if those are, in
fact, mere reflexes,
she'd still be forced to endure
her endless suffering forever.
She's not even capable
of screaming out.
Her soul would just remain
imprisoned for all eternity.
Reg, this is my last
chance to end her pain.
You have the power
to set her free.
It's now or never.
Please, Reg.
I'm afraid an
opportunity like this
won't ever present itself again.
[Reg] I understand.
Nanachi, promise me this.
If Mitty isn't around
anymore, promise me
you want to take your own life.
Don't worry.
I mean, I got to look
after Riko, right?
Even after you're
done treating Riko!
Nnaa, you don't
have to be so mean.
But I understand.
I promise.
Well, then you can
leave it to me.
With all of the strength I
have, I will send her off.
[Reg sobbing]
[cooing]
[Nanachi] All right.
Sorry to make you stick
around for all this time.
It won't be long
until we meet again.
Okay, it's time.
[whimpering]
[charging up]
Stop it!
[gasp]
[powering down]
Mitty!
I'm so sorry, Mitty!
I was wrong!
I should have tried more!
Mitty, I'm so, so sorry!
Listen to me.
We'll always be together, okay?
My sweet Mitty,
you feel so warm.
Mitty, thank you.
[sniffling]
Okay, I'm ready now.
[soft solemn music]
[cooing]
[explosion]
[echoing blast]
[panting]
Mitty.
[crying]
Mitty!
You'll always be my treasure!
[sobbing]
No, leave me alone!
[both sobbing]
[fire crackling]
[Lyza] Come on.
This is no time
for feeling down.
[Reg] But, why am I so sad?
Please, you need to eat.
[sniffing]
That smells so good.
Once you finish your
food, we'll head out.
[sniffing]
That's strange.
What's that smell?
[Nanachi] Naa...
You're adapting way better than
I could have ever imagined.
[Riko] You're good
at this, Nanachi.
[Nanachi] Well, is that
all right with you?
Well?
[gleeful gasp]
Wait! Try to take it easy now.
Hey, Reg.
Good morning.
Good morning, Riko.
[Nanachi] Since she's still
recovering, I thought
I would make her a a stew
that's simple and easy to eat,
but she kept correcting all
the ways I was making it.
So that must have done
with that smell was.
[Nanachi] But if you remove
the entrails, it's
going to taste bland, right?
[Riko] I promise it'll be fine.
I didn't know demonfish also
inhabit the fourth layer.
That's looking real good.
Now, you carefully
take the innards out.
That's it.
You're doing great!
Oh my gosh,
you're so fluffy!
Why are you just standing there?
Help me out here.
She's been acting like this
ever since she first saw me.
Don't look at me like
you want to cuddle too.
Yeah, well, you
don't seem to hate it
as much as whenever I do it.
Well, yeah!
When you do it, it feels
all creepy for some reason!
[playful music]
Well, the bottom line
is the taste, isn't it?
[gasp]
[squealing]
[moaning]
Do you like it?
Well, I guess it was all right.
Not half bad.
I'm so glad to hear that.
I could not have done it
without all your help.
And the eggs are
pretty delicious too.
Give it a try.
Hey, wasn't there someone
else who lived here too?
[gasp]
Hm? Hm?
How would you know that?
Huh? Um...
Not even sure why
I thought of that.
Oh!
That's right.
Well, you see, I kept having
this terrifying, scary dream.
I can't remember
how it all went,
but what I do remember...
is finding myself trapped
inside this pitch-black
boulder-like thing.
It was horribly heavy and
wouldn't budge at all.
At first, there was
this cavity inside it
that was about the
same size as me,
but then it kept getting
smaller and smaller.
It was painful and agonizing.
I was lost.
I didn't know or understand
what I was anymore.
[crying]
I even forgot how to speak.
I was so scared,
I just kept crying.
[another crying]
And I heard more crying,
but not from me.
It was coming from someone else.
At first, it kind of scared me.
Then I realized that
it was another girl.
She was afraid too.
It helped ease my mind,
just a little.
So we just stayed like
that for quite a while.
Whenever I got scared,
there was that girl
in front of me, who was even
more frightened than I was.
I couldn't speak,
but with my eyes,
I kept on telling her that
it was going to be all right.
Then I smelled
something like smoke,
and the crying finally stopped.
And, well, that girl left
without ever looking back.
But when I looked
at her, she was just
like all of the other
cave raiders I've seen.
Her eye was filled with
an insatiable longing.
And just like that,
I remembered what I always
wanted to be one day.
So I thought,
"I need to get going."
And right about
then I had a feeling
that I would someday
see that girl again.
And then I just
woke up, you know?
Nanachi, Riko once--
Riko died when she
was a baby, but, uh...
she was brought back to life
by the power of a relic.
You see, Riko's life
as we know it may
very well be tied to the Abyss.
Thanks, Reg.
It's all right.
I'm heading out to
fetch some water.
This time, you need to make sure
you can really protect Riko,
okay?
[Reg] Riko, the truth is...
Here we are.
I come to this place
whenever I'm injured.
Oh, wow!
Strange beasts that I've
never seen anywhere else
tend to make their way here.
[Reg] You sure
this place is safe?
[Nanachi] They're so docile,
you can even pet them.
The deeper spots can cause some
overstimulation, so be careful.
[Riko] Okay.
[Reg] There's light
coming from below.
[sniffing]
I can't get this off by myself.
Would you mind helping
me with it, Reg?
[stammering]
Well, okay.
Riko, lift your arm a bit.
Reg, do you want
to go in with me?
I'm just going
keep a lookout, okay?
You should go on and get in.
Sometimes blood-sucking
insects come to have a bite.
You'll be much better
off in the water.
I think I'll be taking
on lookout duty.
[Riko] It's so warm!
The bottom seems pretty
slippery over here.
[Reg] Be careful.
Whoa, wherever we go, the
color dissipates around us.
Reg, lookie here.
Even though
the water's hot,
there's a bunch
of little fish.
[giggling]
Ew, they're eating the dead
skin that's floating up.
[Reg] For some reason,
I'm feeling thirsty.
-Ow!
-Riko?
Ouch.
I'll be okay.
The hot water
just stings a bit.
Huh?
-Reg?
-Hm?
What's up with your penis?
[gasp]
Ah!
I don't know.
This-- This is irredeemable.
Oh, geez. What's with you two?
You're so uncomfortable with
how you feel about each other.
Come on, Reg.
Why are you being so silly?
You know you've
already smooched.
No point in being
embarrassed now.
Um, what smooch is
she talking about?
Yeah, that was a--
that could hardly
be called a smooch.
What's the matter, Nanachi?
Come and get in here with us!
[Nanachi] Don't try to
change the subject.
Besides, I'm on lookout
duty, so take your time.
Come on, what's this
about a smooch, huh?
Come on, Reg. Reg!
So pathetic.
Can't bear to watch this.
[chuckle]
Mitty, thank you.
Thank you for pulling Reg's
treasure away from that place.
A bit longer...
I hope you can wait for
me just a bit longer.
[sloshing]
[whimpering]
Riko, hang in there.
-[muffled screaming]
-[Nanachi sighs]
Five more left.
The big central one comes
next, so hold her tight.
[screaming]
[straining]
It moved.
Even if it's just
the thumb, it moved.
Riko.
Hey, Reg.
What's the matter?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I mangled
up your arm so badly.
It's my fault.
Listen,
I'm the one who
asked you to do it.
Yeah, but...
but in the end, it was
Nanachi who saved you.
Nanachi told me that, while
you were trying to save me,
you were crying the whole time,
and that you were
worried sick about me.
And seeing you like that brought
back memories for Nanachi.
That's why Nanachi chose
to rush over to help us.
Reg, you see this scar?
It's proof.
The precious proof
that you protected me,
and I will always treasure it.
Riko...
Nanachi?
[Reg] What's wrong?
Well, never mind.
It's nothing really.
Hey, Nanachi.
Yeah?
I want to ask you something.
Would you ever consider
maybe coming with us?
Okay.
Really?
That makes me so happy!
You sure? Positive?
-I'm sure.
-[footsteps]
Nanachi!
Get off of me,
you piece of junk!
[laughing]
Yeah, well, Mitty did take a
real shine to you, after all.
If I abandoned you now, she'd
be mad at you next time we meet,
especially since I
can't rely on Reg.
I guess that's fair.
And don't forget, Riko's
cooking is really good.
What was that?
In due time, I'll tell
you the whole story.
Just know I came from the
place where we're now heading.
The one that you
mentioned earlier?
In due time, okay?
Well, then, let's get started
with the preparations.
We've got quite a lot to do.
I mean, you want to get going
as soon as we can, right?
I do.
My mother is waiting for me!
[giggling]
[soft inspiring music]
[music continues]
[inaudible]
[music crescendos]
[music softens]
[singer vocalizing]
Well, you guys, shall we?
Uh-huh.
Hey, Nanachi!
[music swells]
[electricity crackling]
[metallic clanging]
[footsteps]
[Bondrewd] Hmm.
Her signature has disappeared.
Congratulations, Nanachi.
You finally managed to do it.
I would like to express
the extent of my gratitude.
I hope very soon I'll get
to see you once again.
[panting]
[Prushka] Papa!
[Bondrewd] Hmm?
- [Prushka] Papa!
- [Bondrewd] My, my.
- What are you doing in here?
- [Bondrewd] I was checking
to see how everyone is doing.
Well, now. Let's get
you back to your room.
We must consider your health.
After all, you're quite special.
[Prushka giggles]
[Prushka] Papa, I love you.
[Bondrewd] I love
you, too...
Prushka.
[singer vocalizing]